let's now cover some role slicing
techniques hold the roll with bent
fingers so as to keep your fingertips
curled away from the blade of the knife
this is a professional chefs technique
and may take some practice long slicing
motion will tear the roll so use a
sawing motion back and forth just like
sawing a log also wipe your blade clean
every three or four cuts to prevent the
blade from dragging the rice and the
filling cut the roll in half cut the
half in half again and cut that half in
half again so you'll have even slices of
sushi roll cut the roll into a total of
eight pieces don't forget to get all
your sushi supplies and foods sushi
magic calm now we'll make spicy ahi tuna
roll if you're new to rolling use
two-thirds of a sheet of nori this
allows the filling to be rolled up
easily I'm using a half a sheet of nori
here to be authentic like a sushi chef
now spread the rice very thin on top of
the nori no more than a quarter of an
inch thick
this is one of the smaller rolls so
remember not to add too much rice or
filling all the roll won't close up at
the seams cut strips of ahi tuna no more
than half an inch thick and lay strips
across the rice apply some sriracha
chili sauce and spread with a knife if
you don't like spicy leave out the hot
sauce fold and tuck keep the map taut as
you roll
serve with pickled ginger wasabi and soy
sauce